# https://blobby-boi.github.io/Run-3
## An alterative link to play Run 3 Unblocked

Run 3 is a free online running game in which you try to stay on the track for as long as you can. You can choose from two different modes when playing. In infinite mode, you run for as long as you can. It's your job to try and keep your character from falling off the track. Because if you do, they will end up drifting into the vastness of outer space. Run 3 may start off simple and easy. At first the gaps in the tunnel are easily avoidable, as you can spot them from afar. But as you keep running, the challenge increases. Those easily spotted gaps show up more frequently. Not only that, since you've gained quite a bit of speed, they also come at you much faster. You will need some pretty solid reflexes to help your pudgy friend leap across the bottomess chasms. Make sure you land safely on the other side and keep on running. Be careful, though, if you make so much as a single mistake you will lose your footing and fall through space with no end in sight.

Alternatively, you can pick explore mode in which you get to advance level by level until you have seen all that the Run 3 universe has to offer. As you race through the challenging tracks you may even find a new venue to explore another side of the campaign map. Unlock different characters and looks, as well as additional abilities as you jump from one platform to the next. All in the ever elusive attempt to reach that next stage! Run 3 is free action game, that will keep you on the edge of your seat as you continuously try to make it past the rickety platform falling away from under your feet. Your jumps need to be perfectly timed and impeccably accurate. Even the tiniest mistake will snowball into making the stage exponentially more difficult. Later stages will become basically impossible for you, if you can't master the art of running and leaping off of tiny ledges hanging over the abyss.

Play this crazy and addictive little reaction game, when you control your runner with arrow keys as you speed through the dimensional race track. Leap right into the action and never let up until you stand victorious on the ultimate finish line. Luckily the tunnels you will be racing through are free of obstacles. There's nothing more fun than feeling the rush of skipping one hole after another as you play run like a real pro player. Don't go but run through the endless tunnels. Jump and dash endlessly through this cool alien race track. Beat the game by letting your action runner finish the track. Memorize particularly challenging parts of the track before you train your reflexes to make the jump at the right time and with the right amount of power. Experiment with how long you can keep yourself on dropping platforms to find just the right path towards victory.

#### I DO NOT OWN THIS GAME OR ARE ASSOCIATED WITH THE DEVELOPMENT OF IT WHATSOEVER
